So here we have a path object that represents a directory. A few useful
methods that we need to be aware of are exists
in terms of booleans, mkdir to create this directory
rmdir to remove it,
and rename to rename it to a new name. Let's say ecommerce2
now these are pretty self explanatory, so in this lecture we're not going to
look at these, instead we're going to look at another method that is
iterdir. With this method we can get the list of files,
and directories in this path, so let's print the results
and see what we get. We get a generator object
remember generator objects? A generator object as the name
implies returns a new value every time we iterate.
So when we are working with large lists of items, instead of storing all
those items into memory, we use a generator object. We
iterate it and get a new value everytime, this is more efficient.
So that's the reason this method returns a generator object because
when working with files and directories it is possible to have
a directory with a million files in it. So now we can iterate
over this let's say for p
and then print p. Let's run the program.
So on my machine, I have one file, and
3 directories in this path. As you can see this method returns
both the files and directories. Now if you're working
with the directory that doesn't have ten million files in it, you can
convert this generator to a list using a list comprehension
so instead of iterating over this generator we can use
a list comprehension which is pretty similar to what we have here,
that the square brackets and add p here. So p
or p in path .iterdir. Now,
we get  all these paths and we can print them,
let's see what we get. We get an array
of posixpath objects. What is this?
Well, this path class that we imported on the top, this is the base
class for two different classes, posixPath and Windows
path. Posix is the standard use in unix like operating
systems so because I'm using a Mac, here we have a list
of posixpath objects. If you're on Windows, you see a list of
windows path objects. Okay? Now here we can take this comprehension
expression to the next level and apply filtering. Let's say we
only want to get the directories. So if we get p.
is dir, you learned about this method in the last lecture.
Right? Let's run the program, so here are,
3 directories that we have inside of the ecommerce
directory. Okay? So, this method
is pretty useful to get the list of files and directories in a path
but it has two limitations, one is that  we cannot search by the
pattern, and second is that it doesn't search recursively.
So, for those scenarios we need to use a different method, that is glob.
Let me show you, so, path.
glob this method takes a pattern so we can
search for all files or let's say all py files,
similar to the other method this returns a generator. So we can use it an expression
like this. p for
p in path.glob. Now we get the py files
let's print them here.
So in this directory I only have a single py file.
Now, to search recursively, we need to change this
pattern to something like this. The other option
is to use the r glob method. So, we remove the
pattern and use rglob. Short for recursive glob.
Now when we run this program, we get
all the py files in the ecommerce directory and all is true.